layout folders.subproject new feature (#2662)
conan-io/docs: developing_packages/package_layout.rst

              # The build() method can also access the CMakeLists.txt in the source folder
              path = os.path.join(self.source_folder, "CMakeLists.txt")
              cmake = load(self, path)

Example: Multiple subprojects
-----------------------------

Lets say that we have a project that contains multiple subprojects, and some of these subprojects need
to access some information that is at their same level (sibling folders). Each subproject would be 
a Conan package.

> Lets say we have the following folders and files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So we have the following folders and files:
```

.. code-block:: text

    ├── pkg
    │    ├── conanfile.py
    │    ├── app.cpp  # contains an #include "../common/myheader.h"
    │    └── CMakeLists.txt # contains include(../common/myutils.cmake)
    ├── common
    │    ├── myutils.cmake
    │    └── myheader.h

>     ├── othersubproject

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    └── othersubproject
```
